Loathsxome
----------

Loathsxome is a minimalist and opinionated program inspired by Blosxom.
It allows you to maintain a web log where individual entries are simple
text files. Its default behaviour is what I consider sensible for my own
journal, but it can be changed easily.

Loathsxome knows how to display two kinds of things: a single journal
entry or post, and an "index view" or list of posts (all posts, or those
that match some criterion, such as "tagged with 'horror'" or "written in
May 2009"). It features nice-looking URLs, RSS feed generation, support
for tagging and categorisation by directory, and so on. If you use Git
to maintain your web site, as I do, you'll find that Loathsxome works
very well with it.

The code is easy to follow, and well-documented; the plugin system is
simple but powerful. Plugins can affect any aspect of the program's
operation, from URL parsing to post selection and rendering. 

Compared to Blosxom, Loathsxome has two notable disadvantages: it is not
compatible with existing Blosxom plugins, and it does not support static
generation. (But the plugin interface is so similar that most plugins
can be ported with a few minutes' work; and I intend to implement static
generation in a future release.) 

Existing Blosxom users may find little reason to switch, especially if
they have invested some effort into selecting and configuring plugins.
But it takes real work to configure Blosxom to duplicate Loathsxome's
default behaviour, so new users who like that behaviour can save time
by using Loathsxome; and anyone who wants to extend the code will
appreciate its improved internal organisation.

Loathsxome is a CGI program written in Perl (without any CPAN
dependencies). This distribution contains loathsxome.cgi and some
plugins. It is distributed under an MIT-style open source license.
(See the included LICENSE file for details.) 

See http://toroid.org/loathsxome for more details.

--
Copyright 2009 Abhijit Menon-Sen <ams@toroid.org>
http://toroid.org/loathsxome
